src/Core/README.md, before:

Acme PHP Core
=============

> Note : this repository is in alpha stage.

> This library is a part of the [Acme PHP initiative](https://github.com/acmephp),
> aiming to intregrate [Let's Encrypt](https://github.com/acmephp)
> in the PHP world at the application level.

Acme PHP Core is the core of the Acme PHP project : it is a basis for the others more
high-level repositories.

## When use Acme PHP Core?

You usually will want to use either [the Acme PHP CLI client](https://github.com/acmephp/cli)
or [an implementation for your application framework](https://github.com/acmephp).

However, in some cases, you may want to manage SSL certificates directly from your application.
In these cases, this library will be useful to you.

Acme PHP Core does nothing more than implementing the
[Let's Encrypt/ACME protocol](https://github.com/letsencrypt/acme-spec) : the generated SSL keys
and certificates are stored in memory and then given to your script. You are the one in charge
of storing them somewhere. You can use
[the Acme PHP Persistence](https://github.com/acmephp/persistence) library to help you do so.

Commit message:

Update main and components README files

src/Core/README.md, after:

Acme PHP Core library
=====================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/acmephp/acmephp](https://badges.gitter.im/acmephp/acmephp.svg)](https://gitter.im/acmephp/acmephp?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/acmephp/acmephp/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/acmephp/acmephp)
[![Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/acmephp/acmephp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/acmephp/acmephp)
[![StyleCI](https://styleci.io/repos/59910490/shield)](https://styleci.io/repos/59910490)
[![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/acmephp/acmephp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/acmephp/acmephp)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

> **Note:** This project is in beta but follow a strict BC policy, even in beta (see
> [the Backward Compatibility policy of Acme PHP](https://github.com/acmephp/acmephp#backward-compatibility-policy)
> for more informations).

Acme PHP Core is the core of the Acme PHP project : it is a basis for the others more
high-level repositories. It consists of a raw implementation of the Let's Encrypt ACME protocol.

## When use Acme PHP Core?

You usually will want to use either [the Acme PHP CLI client](https://github.com/acmephp/cli)
or [an implementation for your application framework](https://github.com/acmephp).

However, in some cases, you may want to manage SSL certificates directly from your application.
In these cases, this library will be useful to you.

Acme PHP Core does nothing more than implementing the [Let's Encrypt/ACME protocol](https://github.com/letsencrypt/acme-spec) :
the generated SSL keys and certificates are stored in memory and returned to your script. You are the one in charge
of storing them somewhere persistent.

## Documentation

Read the official [Acme PHP documentation](https://acmephp.github.io).

## Launch the Test suite

The Acme PHP test suite is located in the main repository:
[https://github.com/acmephp/acmephp#launch-the-test-suite](https://github.com/acmephp/acmephp#launch-the-test-suite).
